al e
[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
morning I'll promise that my life begins
where you
end I don't want false expectations or to
live inside a lie Yours and
mine is true, true despite what you
say I'll remember that I walk through that
plaza that with shame we couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment came and I took your hand
as we continued walking for the 12
remained silent in The big
City City City City City
that I want to shine the star in
the sky If by my side I have the most
beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me it's what I'm
telling you you have to feel the heart
as it smiles Through
[Music]
inside I'll
tell you to pinch me every day when [
Music] I
wake up that if I argue it's to get to
know you better there's no fog that can
darken this
[Music]
love I know that we
will go through moments that we never
imagined that the pain will be so strong
that we will think about
leaving each other but this feeling of ours
will put that the
wounds that fall to the soul breathe me
please because this life is
slipping away from us so that I want to see it
shine for  I wanna see the
star shine in the sky If by my side I have
the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me And what I'm
telling you You have to feel the way your heart
smiles
Inside I want what I
want If by my side I have the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me It's
fact that I tell you to you You have to
feel the way your heart smiles With the
intro
[Music]
[Applause]
What I thought That loving no longer
existed That kisses are given away on
any corner
I who thought that loving was just a
game But I look at you and I'm dying to
have you You're for me To invest my life In
illusion Art and
I will win the game The time that was
lost I
ask you Every day that your soul be my guide
Until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me
[Music]
If the world separates I'll stay with you
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you If
you want me to stay I'll stay
with you What do things matter to me And
when I smile I turn around I'm
with you
with you invest my life nor
get your hopes up and I
[Music]
will win the game the time that was
lost I ask you Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you I will [Music]
turn my life into
illusion and
[Music]
I will win the game the time that was
lost
[Music]
and I ask Every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that says goodbye to this and I
ask
every always to be able to
love you waiting for the
[Music]
moment What's up What's up guys How are
we Okay oh my god don't be a mother [ __ ]
the heat we're going to be seeing
some things we're going to try not to
leave anything out I don't promise you okay if I
leave something out you guys let me know but there are
a few things we have to
talk about By the way, thank you very much
for the support on today's podcast eh I think it's
been incredible I don't think it's been incredible I do
n't know if I don't know if it has
doubled the audience of  of the first
episode So we have it complicated
for the third episode no I mean for the
third episode we have the bar
at the tete eh at the tete of course we're going to see us we're going to
see us little by little no we're going to see us
little by little Now when when it doesn't come out the same we
have to bring Serene I think
that would be a bomb not bringing Serene has
n't been very interesting the
podcast Well I'm glad Look it has already had 80,000
views 11,000 almost 12,000 people have
been in the live 11 12,000 people in
the
YouTube live Thank you really Thank you very much we will
try to
match it at least in the third okay we will try to match it
at least I'll let you know when I have
confirmed the guest for the
third I'll tell you okay Yes
I like it when the guest
stays not for so long because
basically Dani spent the entire podcast with
us so so very
Cool no today we have to comment on several
things I'm not going to roll around too much with the
greeting but Let's get into the subject
quickly so that  don't be so late because
tomorrow I have some things to do in the
morning and I have to get up at around
10 okay So first first topic
first topic of the night and also
important and also I think that I'm
going to have
confirmation about that soon but whatever what
they told me eh Whatever what they told me is
going to be a bomb whatever what they
told me is going to be a bomb
you know that yesterday we were revealing the
place where the ibai evening is going to be
this year it's going to be in Seville Okay
this Well well well it's going to be like this
I see a lot of people like doubting I don't know what I don't
know how much not the heat I don't know how much yes it is
very hot but well it's also
a place that is worth it that is
worth going to I mean it doesn't matter if it's
July because it's hot so you dress for
summer What do you want me to tell you son eh
Life is like that no I live here
nothing happens I don't melt okay And then and
then the stadium is very good the
facilities are very good and I think
Seville offers a lot of opportunities for
streamers to come so that  at
night we'll be out having a beer for
any kind of thing no then
we'll see what happens in Seville that
weekend we'll see what happens in
Seville that weekend but I
probably have more information
that I can tell you Hopefully tomorrow or the
day after one of the elite will fight
yes
yes no One of the elite but as far as I know there are
two of the elite okay as far as I know I know
two of the elite and I'm missing one thing
that I have to taste and I'll tell you okay
they're two of the elite that are going to leave you in a
mess with the Main okay the Main is
going to leave you in a mess tochs tochs tochs
us tochs us
okay well Well it turns out that today we have
had some tremendous news And that is that
after almost half a year ra
beiruti currently accused of an
alleged crime of death threats we don't
know exactly what date the
trial is no But well you know that he spent
a weekend in jail He was arrested
because he became violent with a person
to whom according to him he tells his version okay
his version of events is that
that person  he owed him money and went to
report him and the police made a mistake and
put raed in jail instead of
instead of this person Well raed says
that I'm
making up what I said about
Serene that they have never said anything about
Serene receiving hitmen or anything like that
this old man is so this
old RAE I told you yesterday I'm like 5
years younger than you okay This old man is such an
idiot that he doesn't have a [ __ ] clue what he's
talking about the only ones who posted memes about
Serene were of Serene being dead they were the
pilleros
It's obvious that the one who has to
investigate gossip has to
make up what
others say well gentlemen you are late to raed and
now he says that they never said that thing
about, I mean r is the main
promoter of the issue serenes hitmen
and so on, I mean yes it's true that del
posted that pathetic tweet that we're now
going to remember but it was because ra suddenly
contacted him they had a call the two of them on
discord the two of them alone that he
leaked okay he was seen on screen  to
discord and it was seen that the
two of them had been alone talking and suddenly rael
tells [ __ ] about the
hitmen issue and Hoya's departure was because
several of the group okay or so first
delos posted this tweet dasas and Fernando
urdaneta initiated proceedings to
assassinate you Dallas has tried to assassinate
me and a companion they contacted
Venezuelan hitmen they offered them
2000 having said that what did it cost that I love my
life and that I personally have never
wanted to end it this was published by
the idiot delox come on it is
public it is not a twi it has been deleted okay
This is told by ret
delox according to what he believes But according to him he
believes it to this day because he hasn't taken a
picture Okay and he publishes this with an
emoji of a little knife putting bold
in some words okay so that
the po to which Bot puts it looks nice and
well They say that they say that no that no that it
was the pambisitos okay RAE yes he
said it also okay this one believes that you
delete and crimes right r saying  This is
worth what she has committed the last 4 months she is
going to be saved from paying for her crimes
with Fernando Urdaneta and by the way another
day without
Serene appearing she still has Bots no no no no no
now she doesn't even reach 1000 likes
almost never if they are threatening you this
This is great because this is
sent to the support by the way They have
sent me some information about Angi de Pollo
that if it is true it is a scandal but I have
not been able to verify it because it is
very serious and very heavy information
to tell but if that is true
I It is that I think it could be no no I am not going to
jump because I think it
could perfectly be a joke of hers to
get attention but if it is not a
joke of hers and it is
true You are going to be the
croquette okay because
people from her town have contacted me to tell me
then it seems strange to me it seems
strange but
m if it is true it
is the pic of hypocrisy and that you are
going to You are going to be the croquette You are going to be
the croquette okay he tells r angin if they
are threatening you leave  of course you don't
want to leave the internet and that you wouldn't
disappear from the networks from one day
to the next Look, Serene has been gone 20
days without giving any signs of life and she answers
support Thanks raed for the advice I want to
say that I don't want to leave the
internet I'm not going to disappear from one day
to the next and I appreciate my life I would never
leave this world
or Ricky edy No well among others there were no
more Miare Miare also said the
same thing in a live I don't know if she ever
put it on Twitter it goes without saying that if at
any time I stop doing live shows
or uploading videos the only person who
has threatened to kill me is Daniel Jos
Santom Lemus I love my life And I would never
run the risk of losing it you this
has 200,000 likes so this wasn't a
thing This is not some nonsense that went
unnoticed eh
many people echoed this and but in a non-
ironic way okay Well now RAE says
that no, no, no, they haven't
said
this that no, no, no, no,
they have never said that  Serene has
died nor have they insinuated or anything like that
eh I mean I don't know if they are Bot
but I think that it is not an issue that has
gone unnoticed no and then we have
eh Well for example
people like this account that Javi el
canino Okay According to Ricky edie Javi el
canino and all the similar accounts are
accounts that expose my shames
for example this Javi Oliveira This tweet
is from last night eh I mean this tweet is not
from no no this tweet is from last night Javi
Oliveira just made up that they
sent hitmen to Serene it's really cool
eh it's really cool
[ __ ] they tell me that the chicken thing is true
but I need I mean I believe it to be
true I believe it to be true and it's a
scandal if it's true it's a scandal
Uh they are telling me privately a
person who is watching us okay And that you
all know I am
obviously never going to reveal Who it is but m I
trust in his judgment in his judgment not
so much but in his Sources Better said
okay eh but
HM It's that I think it is  The truth is I get the
feeling that it's true but it's
also that I think it could be a joke [ __ ]
It's that if it
's true if it's
true it's a scandal eh it's a [ __ ]
scandal eh But well I also tell you they're
not going to say anything eh I mean if they even
hung posters about Serene no Well
nothing what Javi the canine says
that I made it up and RAE that never
said okay only this news was about
that what happened with the support it's that it's a
very delicate subject I mean I can't
tell it so lightly I have to have it
tied up I have to have it tied up so
that to be able to say it
eh but it
's very long eh I also tell you eh I'm
sure all these know it I'm sure
all these know it and they're
keeping quiet eh I also tell you eh I'm
sure all these know it and they're
keeping quiet about it very strongly eh tell it No no
but it's very strong it's so strong that I can't I can't I can't
tell it but it's
not to keep it a secret
You see I would tell it but it's very
strong and no I can't screw it up  ok
For example if the evening is not in
Seville I delete the tit and change the subject and
suck it you know it's not a subject
you know but the chicken thing if it's true it's
very long it's very very long as to
screw it up now if it has reached me
surely all these all these
people know about it and they keep quiet Why Because it
's not Dallas
Silence is complicity XD if it's with
dasas Yes if it's with them nothing happens if it
's with them suddenly ra you can
talk to delox even though both
mutually thought that they are
scammers
Well there are so many unions that I don't even know
which one to
introduce you to let's see what happened
because Fran has been messing around with me
all day today and I'm going to catch up a bit
because today I've been out I've been
in the sun we've been with him a little we've been
with certain things okay But there have
been several moves It turns out that I don't
know why and Fran has decided to
do a live today clarifying one thing
on the subject there is someone writing to me
also eh clarifying something about the subject
eh a land of the sanctuary that  It had
n't been purchased yet, which was the issue of
the savannah, it's not worth it.
Other people are talking to me to tell me that they have been
given the same information as me,
so it will surely come out in the
next few hours, eh, but I'm waiting for
evidence, of course, it's to release it, let's
see the person who is talking to me on
WhatsApp if they can release it,
eh, not me. I have a little more
responsibility in
this regard, the usual ones have taken advantage to
eat FR. Well, let's talk about it because
this has its own thing. It turns out that there
was an
move, there are some people who obviously
know who they are. Fran knows it,
even I more or less,
okay, we know. Vero, a kiss, there are some
people who are now like
contacting us because they have
done it to me, they have contacted me too
and contacting, well, I understand that several
media outlets. Where is wizard, what did you do
c9? By the way, a [ __ ] great podcast, at
all times they were in the
funada thread. Great grandpa, in the thread, in the
thread, a kiss, a kiss, eh, they are like,
taking [ __ ] out of Fran, they don't want to
cancel Fran right now, no
media outlet, obviously,
no important youtuber has paid attention to them.  Obviously they have
listened to them and they have already resorted
to those who for sure say no
Javier peluca Antonia ler len and that type
of people is worth em
[Music]
So it is a misunderstanding that
Fran will explain to me I explained it to me
Fran's explanation is worth it to me anyway
Although it is not worth it to me Although it was not
worth it I tell you one thing what would
matter to me would be to find out
that the money that
Antonia the youtuber has asked for, not Antonia, it is
Antonia today it amounts to the
same as javil peluca and these people
javil peluca javil canino a
hater account amounts to that eh
they literally sent me today that
said this is not how the pilotos get informed
with this they have grown they have formed you have to
unsubscribe why
Because on a Catalan television they
released a clip well first I touched
her and then put Since nobody has
noticed then she has left and they have
put a 5 second clip of Dallas giving
his opinion on climate change Okay
then you have to  subscribe
everyone please okay I was telling the truth
okay And then another one that they sent me I don't know
if it was
this I mean quoting dalis veira eh
keep giving him a break while you don't even have any
candy keep trying eh I don't know that I don't know these
are things that you can't get over and dasas
well he's going to have the ex mother-in-law of a
partner he had 10 years ago well her whole
life not trying to get people to
subscribe and not just him but
everyone around okay Whether it's
me Fran and others I mean there was a tweet that they
sent me but I thought it was this one but it's
not there was a tweet that they sent me
that was saying that Frank was really
bad because he hung out with oliveira look at
Twitter eh I mean Twitter
is all retweets of everything that's the
move Look laser len Javi oliveira
francoa Javi is a
fool if he surrounds himself with great people
like Dallas and oliveira okay madam did
you talk to Tania and lana and
raed the other day they also sent me
that you tta with raed with  delox I
mean the criterion is the criterion it's
a little strange but oh well Then if I
answer my answer won't be liked eh if
I answer my answer won't be liked But
well for now let's leave it
and let her continue doing those little things not the little
team not the little team but it's that
strong No sir second cont Tania with
Joan Planas that Joan Planas is
also tweeting against fram
but oh well I want to see Fran's video and
now we're commenting on La Movida Okay
now we're commenting on La Movida and because I'm an
idiot I'm fooled very easily before he
tweeted and deleted no Anica well he
does that when he supports Tania tweeting and
deleting but before he did it with
other accounts now he does it from
his own but that's not the problem if he
has his freedom The problem is that it was
already discussed in 2019 and I already know and he
continues to insist on trying to discuss
it and it's not going to be turned around even
look even if Fran eats an otter or
any of those who are not against
killing someone in the controversy that
they have  she's not going to turn around and
public opinion is not going to turn around now
please Fran told a lie
believe me please believe me that's not
going to change Really, I mean that's already
happened I left things with her things are taken care of
but don't tell your mother
please XD Well I also have a
preparation episode about that pixi I have a
lot of conversations about that subject
and not only that I have videos I have
audios of other people who were not
very happy with other relationships I have
many things that it's already a
subject from 2019 but you have to have courage to put
something of mine out like that because it can be
denied and not only that but
other audios can be released from other people in which you
also talk about not telling your
mother and things like that what happens is that at the
time no I didn't respond because I was thinking of
reporting we were thinking of reporting and I don't know
what Ricardo is going to decide he's
still a lawyer and so I let it go
but because it doesn't matter I mean
the story is absurd some
conversations from 2016 do not deny
that I  I came out in 2019 putting a
series of things without more but things are
taken from who they come from, from whom they
come Javi That is more than clarified and
explained no but there is more audio and more and
more videos that explain more things I will
surely do a series when there is a
line with which I will do a series but
but beautiful beautiful because it is in pabla it
is in pabla of going to sleep and of and
of little things ay I have many audios of
people and videos of people but well in the
end like everything well look
eh about the take of the savannah that many are
talking about now
but pixi go and send the same
super chat to Luis
endera the savannah matters Ah Well it turns out
that the savannah was never in
Yuji's name the savannah was never bought it was
never sold to another owner I am
dealing with the owner and I take it Javi from
you it is what he wants because he knows that they
never do anything no what goes It would
also be good if you finish explaining
what about raed that you tried to explain in the
space of the
discussion or something clo that was clear  ehar
that was made clear in
RAE is dedicated to making meme Coin of these, she
pumps them in her discord group and
then sends them to hell but no, it's not like she does
n't do anything who put it on me I do
n't know who put it on me but it's not
worth it who believes them now
things have to be taken from whoever comes from Yes Yes
ma'am Now people are going to believe her by
buying it I already have a little left to
buy it but the problem is that
when I answer later they don't like it
Problem she bought
[Music] I'll
explain it I'll explain it because of
course at the time I said that Yuji
had sold it Yui didn't sell the
sheet but right now I can't say
anything but come on anyone can
understand many things Okay but no no and he
didn't buy the sheet nor did he sell it okay the
subject of the the subject of the Sheet is a
land pixi how embarrassing what pixi how
annoying pixi How embarrassing pixi do you want me to
tell you what is embarrassing
because there are many things that are
embarrassing there are many things that are
embarrassing and and and there are many little things that are
embarrassing you will never be
embarrassed obviously but  well
based pixi based the theme of the the theme
of the savannah the theme of the savannah
has nothing to do with it, I mean, let's
see
and I would care and the people who
came out imagine suddenly that it was a
lie the destination where the money was collected from the thing of
Well yes the money that was
collected not when when I went when it
was gref and those things
no of course there we will be talking about
something serious or rather that they told us that the money
was to pay for the
sanctuary and then it turns out that it was not
destined for that you
understand but that Fran then
had a
confusion Tell your fan that they
swallow it all No the one who swallows it all is
you pixi who is here every every day
after 5 years Also is subscribed
because if not you can't write
in the
chat but
pixi let's see if you are recovering because
everything is going black for you pixi
We continue the same as always everything continues the
same as always and I think that those who do
not recover are not us
We are our projects
our things getting better but well
yes  yes right now eh Right now it's the end
now this time yes yes I believe that
with Fran's lie, yes eh Yes yes,
with Fran's lie
everything is going to turn around With Fran's lie
Dalas He's leaving, he's leaving finally, he's leaving
finally eh No no no no no no Pixi yes yes yes absolutely
right Pixi Fran has told a lie
about his private life Yes yes this already
reveals everything yes yes yes yeah with this and
so we go tomorrow this I think it will be
the last live and tomorrow I will say goodbye to the
main one and to telesalseo and I think that
today he hasn't uploaded a video because he
was super screwed already with this lie let's
see the reality is that no the reality is that
this is something
independent of the harvest that was
done in August this has
absolutely nothing to do with it there is a
conflict with the issue of the lands a
part that was rented and not bought
and that Fran has given me the
explanations Eh he explained it to me A few
days ago okay he explained it to me a long time ago in
fact but I am nobody to explain
something about the paperwork  of him or
anything like that, I mean so that
you understand me this is
as if I opened a box
for certain procedures, not
suddenly in 3 months I go on
vacation and people ask me
how much the vacation cost me and I
tell them it cost me 100 and it turns out it
cost me 2000
and you don't have to tell
the public the whole truth about everything, I mean you
don't have to publicly tell the
truth about all the things in your life about
what you buy what you don't buy what you rent what you inherit what you do
n't inherit I mean no, really you go around
saying what you want to make public
and what you're interested in saying you understand
eh What is it that I would have to give
explanations about Fran Well where did
the money go so that money went to what it had to
go to and then the
sanctuary eh has a misunderstanding that
he will explain okay I've already seen it
and perfect okay but the thing is that it has
nothing to do with it it's that these people what they
are trying to say
is good here what they say that a large part
of the movement that they made  no of
solidarity with Frank it was because of the drama he
was having with his ex-wife because it
seemed
unfair of
course now this is a little strange
no a little strange this at least to me it
would seem strange yes yes yes I have made a
solidarity movement because I want to
help Frank to defend him, I mean to
help Frank from his ex-wife who
supposedly is selling her
own land and documentation comes out that e
that well eh he was not
selling his own
land
well no no no no no no it has not come out no
the own lands He has recompensed fan
that the eh the savannah the piece of the
savannah was supposedly okay that has a
rent and then that rent
goes to a company and then that company
is the one that has to buy it back Fran
that is all registered okay But the
money from the collection went to the lands
that were in Yuji's name, so without
more
okay, without more okay, I mean it has no It has
nothing to do with what they
are doing to you because of what
Fran has said they are translating it to the
200,000 turkeys he has kept it
neither bought it nor sold it okay
and of course  eh they have gone to contact these
people to tell him
this but why
not but why not don't they deny it
Then
about the money that Yuji was asking for
Why don't they deny
this he lives in a box and say and he says that he kept it
but it's not that he lives in a
box It's that today I saw Delox that
now we're going to treat it No here no no it's
that Fran loves us animals he
only wants money and it's like you know he doesn't
need to collaborate with CR Pain
to have money you know that Fran could
be series and documentaries When
he wanted to you know what he earns for that
Delox but well what am I going to tell you not
about the promoters of the hitmen of
the hitmen of Serene but of course
what would have mattered to me is that they
had denied
that they had
denied
this This was what I mean it's like
if suddenly Tomorrow comes out it's like
if suddenly tomorrow a
Thai comes out saying that Frank
eh has said in a live broadcast that he has
bought a car and it turns out that he hasn't
bought a car he has
bought a van
mm it doesn't look good but this  It's here
translated okay You've been very good
to me in our marriage I appreciate
everything that you've done for me and I'm
grateful I'll leave it to you at 7.5 million
bats and transfer the shrine I transfer
the shrine Yuji's last message to
Fran costs this is here on the screen they have
n't gone to deny
this I'll leave it to you at 7.5 million bats
and transfer the
shrine they haven't gone to deny this I
mean if this was a
lie If the thing that Yuji
asked for the shrine he asked
Fran for money for the shrine was a lie
Why haven't they gone to deny that they went to
deny that later It turns out to be a
thing going on with the issue of the with the
issue of the
savannah they are denying me they are
trying to deny me something
later pixi if you're having a bad time go away you
've said it four times already that you're
leaving if you're having a bad time go away pixi if
you want to go up on a call you can go up
and give us your opinion if you're there agonia
illa or whatever Go to the
Laser Channel  len that there they will say what you
want to
hear It doesn't
amuse you, you don't like pixi what we are
commenting on but if it is like that Fran has
said that it is not close to reality with
the issue of the savannah in fact I think
he didn't say it in fact I think it was not
him who said it but someone
here in France said it he had said it in
private I think it was and it came to light
and then it turned out that things were not
as Fran said Okay now that subject has
not been spoken about anymore but it is that they come
here now to deny as if this
had to do with the issue of the
money that was requested, the money is
this no pixi continue destroying Javier
oliveira he deserves it for siarar w1
czar of the legitimate leader of the youth
but pixi do not suffer aibe and donate to the
laser face rolling with laughter but it
is that it is happening a lot of smoke
about that
response video a lot of smoke Go to
hell but
well it will clear it up Thank you very much orel what
time man thank you very much a
hug a hug orel  Well that's bad eh
pixi pi says that this is it we're there there
eh
delox
delox responding to this
clip lies and more lies after
whitewashing the animal abuser gives
the
review now francoa recognizes that he is a
mythomaniac like him I'm not even
surprised anymore Enough of turning a
blind eye to
Fran It's evident that this man
stopped caring about animals a long time ago
delox from here a message that I'm sure you
're seeing me and I'm sure the
whole group is seeing me
yes a long time ago an
to all of you who
talk to Tania with ard
Troya with egun
pasasa with
raet you stopped caring about
women violence and
scams let's see no I don't understand
you to the lady to all of you to all of you
who talk now with raed
weren't you super outraged with
pambi I ask eh I ask
eh You weren't super outraged with
pambi Why do you hang out with
r weren't you super outraged with a
violent clip in which Dallas appears in
stardeos
that cl literally  r every
afternoon you don't care much about the lies
Why are you in the same group Ah
interacting with Joan
Planas I am things that I do not
understand you know who is accused of
violence
and you all talk to each other and you all
defend him Ricky
edit So what I do not understand is
one thing no I mean you can take it and
the lie or the confusion may seem very serious to you we will
see no because this is going to be
clarified you may find
Fran's big lie very serious no this is the end
of Fran
said that Yui had sold the
sanctuary then It turns out that he
had not sold it but that the
sanctuary had been passed on to a company
that was not the previous owner and a
story that he will explain to you I am not
anyone to explain to you
[Music]
okay if you care so much about
lies I understand that you are going to explain
once and for all why you deleted your series of
videos with Cristo Spain
that it was not because you did not like
the thumbnails I do
not understand what You are going to explain now that
hitmen do not exist no and that they were
an invention of raen
no la  restraining order on
Ricky No, it doesn't exist
either, Ricky's complaint against
Dallas doesn't exist either, the police stations
in Andorra
don't exist
either, do you know who threatened a
5 year old boy and spent a few
hours humiliating my wife on
live television? Your friend
Ra, you know who threatened two girls
because they didn't want to go to
Andorra to record a podcast criticizing
Dallas, your friend Ricky,
then Fran is over for this
lie.
Well, then you guys. At what point are you guys, is
Fran supposed to give you
explanations for what he buys, what he
sells, regardless of the
August issue, what interests me, the
August issue is this,
let's keep watching a little more, okay? And
then, and then I'll tell you, no, but
basically, Fran Cuesta comes out to say that he
will explain a paperwork issue with an area
of the sanctuary that remains to be purchased?
Delox's response. But what about Dallas, are you going to
talk about Dallas?
Francoa responds to Delox in the
afternoon, what scam have we done, what have we
done wrong? We asked for
money while we were working while
we were doing live broadcasts and we act like
idiots and Jav came here and  he came here
with his whole
team to buy the land that
was in the name of and at no time will he
buy the Sabna first savannah
that's what I said and I'm
buying it believe me delox I'm buying it
back yes it's true but Yui never
bought it or sold it
okay let that be
clear So the only thing I can
say to you and all those who are
talking [ __ ] in that sense and
are throwing [ __ ] at other people now is
that I washed your mouths and that you use your
brains a little because I can be like
lerl says many times I can be a little
equivocal but there are many times
that I can't say everything so
clearly And at the time I always end up
saying things
clearly I didn't have to say anything about the
savannah now
why Why no I shouldn't say anything I
'm saying it because I know that there are
many people who are going to be confused no no no
the savannah
never ever money was asked for the savannah
never from the beginning I said that I was going to
buy it back that's what I said
okay money was asked for and
money was raised to buy the land that was already
I bought it
before here is
Yuji's WhatsApp conversation Why haven't the people
who are talking to Yuji gone
to contact Javiel Peluca or the SERL
to deny this conversation?
What the [ __ ] do I care what Fran does
next? Yes, it's true that there's a clip
then that you're putting it to me in the
chat okay Yes, it's true that then there's
a clip when Gref surprises
Fran by giving him the extra 50,000 bucks
that comes out of Gre because he feels like
it okay he says no no kin has given me
50,000 and I'm also going to give this
to you so you can do whatever the hell you want
with the sanctuary, expand it and I don't
know what and Fran says well I'm going to
use this to solve the mess I have
with the savannah with the savannah there's a
mess okay there's a mess who is going to
explain it is not up to me but
well the explanation is more or less
valid to me what's not valid to me is that Fran
and I've already told him this  I also want him to
come out and respond to Javier peluca or
any of these guys, let's see, we're
both right now with a podcast that is
sweeping the board in two episodes, the
first one withviene and the second one today withdesocupa
which has had 12,000
viewers and the podcast has 90,000
visits in two or three hours. Franco has the
podcast, these are some of the most famous people
in this field of documentaries
and things like that, I mean, he's very, very,
very
big, what the hell is he doing responding to him, but
apart from that, he doesn't handle
conflict well and I've told him this
and I say this with all the love in the
world because then he takes it, he calls me, he
explains to me, he teaches me, he puts me on, he gives me and I don't care about
the explanation, but let's
see, when it comes to responding, he doesn't
handle conflict well when it's his
own business, when it's about
talking about a politician, about this, about that,
okay, papea. And whatever you want,
no, but it's not His content, and even less so with
manipulators, he knows how to tame deer,
manipulators of this type like all
these  I already handle myself and I handle myself and
Dallas handles himself I mean I think that when it comes
to defending ourselves like Dallas does
little Okay and Fran in these conflicts
well it is not usually seen why Because he is
a person who has always been very
respected In fact I am completely
sure that before contacting Javil
peluca they will have contacted 800 media outlets
that will not have wanted to talk about Fran
Why Because he is a very respected person
very respected I mean Iker Jimnez has called me
on the phone to ask me about Fran okay I
have no explanations
but I did not get into this because
why are you going to clarify anything to these people
If these people the problem they have
with you Fran is not if you have bought you have not
bought the sheet it is not if you
believed that the sheet was in this
situation and then it turns out that you
find that it is in this other one no no no no the
only thing that happens to these people
is neither the sheet nor the yuji nor the
blanket what happens to these people is that
you do not turn against Dallas and that that that
a person like Javi
Oliveira  and that a person like Fran
Cuesta does not collaborate in overthrowing Dallas
Well that bothers us you are hindering
Our objective And if today the issue
of the sheet is clarified tomorrow I will get the
blanket thing out of you and if the issue of the blanket is clarified
tomorrow I will get your four legs
out of bed they don't give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] about the sheet or the blanket or anything like that
bothers them they took it out on
Auron Play because Auron Play did not want to
denounce Dallas and because Auron Play came
to give me an interview and because he went to
give I saw an interview with Dallas they
took it out on them and joined
the burning of 2023 then when they
respond they don't like the answers but
when they respond the same thing always happens
and the same thing will always happen Okay and
we are calm each one to their own thing
is what I am telling you do not respond to
these people anymore What need do we comment on it
here laughing coming from what they come from
Not here the freaks here in the salsera
and outside but do not respond to these
people anymore What do I care about the situation
of the savannah if what mattered to me
was this this  This is what matters to me, it's
not that Paloma went to get the
visa, Paloma travels every three months to
Spain and returns to and from
Thailand every 3
months, it's all Dallas's fault, not that the
common objective is Dallas, don't
look at what he's saying, I mean, he's
putting
Fran talking about the savannah, he says.
Well, yes, what's being said is true,
the savannah was in a
situation that is not what I believed,
the guy comes out without having to do it to give
explanations about his money, his land,
his money, his land and they get
excited, they do a live stream, retweet, they get
together. They're
all always the
same, they're always the same, they're
always the
same, they don't care about the savannah, they don't
care if he bought it,
Yuji sold it, they're in the
way of everything that's around
Dallas or Javi, in some cases it's more
Javi than Dallas,
what the hell did Javi
Dallas have to do with the savannah issue Senda, a
kiss, but if it's that look at what he's
telling you, the
delox comes out Fran does a live stream this
morning saying it's true what they're saying, I'll
explain it, what's going on is very strong
the savannah and I will explain it when
the
time comes I will explain it It is true the savannah
I thought that Yuji had sold it and it is
not that Yui had sold it It is that
this happened from here here to this owner and
with this and there are a series of
circumstances that I will explain chon he has
hidden he has hidden he has lied he has
hidden something it has not come out without having to
give any explanation and he said it I
will explain it to you Well then he will
explain it and he will show whatever and he comes out
of them and says yes but Dallas you are not going to
talk about
Dallas You talk about Cristo Spain talks about
your friend Ricky who is accused in a in
a complaint that the ex has filed against him he
talks about Why have you deleted the
entire [ __ ] series that you had with
promoting some courses
together that we want that to me what the [ __ ] do I
care what Fran does if he is not
part of the
collection I care about this that is
Here Yuji asking him for 7.5 million for the
land
the end as if he eats an otter
tonight for
dinner they are not going to kick Daras off the internet
if Franca kills an otter What is it
not  do you really get into your heads
if you cared about violence if
you cared who if you cared I don't know when
you don't talk to the ra you don't talk
to many of those who
talk to you that you have supported
Tania You already saw the purse, the
mariachis, no, but come on, anything that involves
attacking someone's house, it
seems to me that it seems to me to become the same as
them, well Fran still comes out, he takes the paper
from the live afternoon that if I were
Fran I wouldn't come out because it doesn't matter
Fran if it does, it doesn't matter but if they are
not interested in the money from the savannah
Look at you V simas after what happened with Yuy, his
illness doesn't matter to them Look at you
bimas if Franco cost, he wouldn't talk to
me and Dallas and it was only
Greek who had collaborated with Fran
in the recovery of the sanctuary and so on
Okay, and Fran was only a friend of
Greek and
of and of plex Fran could have asked for
the 200,000 to buy a Ferrari
that would not have come out None of those
who are coming out to say
nothing if Fran hadn't been a friend of mine and
Dallas and had only been a friend
of Plex and Greev Fran could go out with
the briefcase of 200,000 here rolling
marijuana on his live streams and they wouldn't care they would
n't say anything None of those who have come
out today Who have come out today
Who have come out today to say something about
this the december those who are not going to
say anything about the support when it is known if It is
confirmed if what they
are telling me now in
private is true then the answers don't please
if the problem is that then they
throw they throw they throw they throw and when
they are answered it is not going to be liked
I already said it Well Fran is still out
Fran is still out this afternoon
eh he gives Delo a certain review he
asks him about Cristo Spain he asks him
about the police in Andorra the one that closes
the three asks him about
Ricky's restraining order he asks him about
everything they have invented I mean if
we are hyper mega meticulous and
scrupulous with the
truths solve your lies first
that is one per week of yours from Ricky and  of
all of you who get together it's one per
week if we're super scrupulous No
here we have to tell the public the whole
truth about everything the restraining order
when are you going to get it the complaint against
Ricky adala where the hell is it
because at the moment the only one accused
of gender violence is Ricky edit
and the only one who went to jail
one weekend is your friend raed
Eh well the only one there are more convictions out
there criminal and so on no
good Roman from neighbors We also have to
talk about some things that we'll see I'll
tell you a few things I
remind you that a neighbor of yours in
Andorra from the elite called gref gave his
full support to Fran that it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
the issue is dala So
Fran could be Fran could have
made a Coin meme like Ray does
every
week pump and get him to give it to him
and they wouldn't say anything they haven't come out to say
anything about the hitmen dude an invention of the
[ __ ] RAE but by the face dude take
RAE
literally they haven't come out to deny
any of the things that have already been
discovered  that are lies nothing we
move on to the next lie we didn't
clarify anything eh but it's that Fran
said this but if Fran is coming out to
tell you that he clarifies it
Well Fran still comes out this afternoon he gives
him the review of his life and says
delox what's going on Fran does it hurt you that they
tell you the truth less insulting me and more
answering all of what we ask
Why do you defend Dallas
if you are outraged with Fran you Here you would
say But why don't you answer all of
what we ask Show me the
money Fran Show me the money from the
savannah no no no no Why do you defend
Dallas
because it turns out that I've seen that
after the live that I did today there are
people who are rubbing their
hands there are people who are calling me a
scammer there are people who are messing
with with all this eh No no it's that I
literally just put a
laser len clip that he is saying like that
eh Fran that you have to see gref the
disappointment now that he is
finding out that Fran's story is a
lie but it is not that in the twi that  I
just showed you about Joan
Plana did you see everything that Inkosi said to
Delox?
Hey, I'm not
going. There were people
telling him. Are you telling me that all the
money he raised to
save the sanctuary was a
half-lie?
What what? The
money that
this guy got from a bunch of Chave based on
lies? Aren't they telling you that
the savannah was named Yui? No, no, no,
no, what they're telling you
is that the money raised the other
day, that is, in August, when Fran saved
the money? That's what these people are telling you,
but not because they think so or
because they're very aware of
the animals or the sanctuary or
the money or no, no, no,
no, if they had been aware of the scams, they wouldn't talk to Ret or Delox. No, it's because Fran is in the way, I'm in the way. Jo, like, you got me into this. No, no, no,
that all of them, Mrs. Joan Plana,
all of them are following all the
moves we're involved in. They've
followed them all these years. I have a
series, I have a series that I have to
do, but  I'm waiting for the
right moment, the moment that I feel like it, the
moment that I get motivated with a lot of
things that are incredible, sometimes
from their accounts and others, but they are
incredible, but they have gotten into each
controversy, so in each they have gone to each
then they are answered and they do not
like the 10 bullets deo Where are the
10 bullets and the 10 bullets have been
getting into all the topics eh when I
was full focused on the content of
Antonio David Roso Carrasco, the
documentary and all that, they were
full, full,
full, let's see, we did some
live shows to buy two pieces of
land, well, there were several pieces but
then they came together, we had a meeting
of the land owners, but let's
specifically do some
live shows to raise money and buy
some land that was in
Yuji's name, okay, today I
clarified that the savannah was not in
Yui's name, that Yui never bought it and Yui
never sold it, okay, I also said
that at the time I will
perfectly explain those two phrases that I
said, Yuji never bought it and Yuji never
sold it  okay Ah
a lot of things have been leaking these
days okay a lot of things that I don't know
Well yes I know let's
see the people to whom they've
sent those biased papers
the
people the people who have sent
those
biased papers Well I'm going to put the question
in another
way how many
people Could have those
papers and the class action lawsuit against
Dallas from Crist Bru Ah Crist
Bru has left he has had
personal problems and he has left too He
hasn't clarified
that either I don't know why Fran gives explanations
exactly but it's going to be the same
but it's going to be the same giving he's
giving explanations of something
that isn't no it's not what
matters to them he's giving explanations of
something that isn't what matters to them it doesn't
matter to them and he's going to clarify this and tomorrow they're
going to bring out another one it doesn't matter take it from
those who come and from whoever it comes from and that they are
going to haunt us all our lives that they
are little people that are going to haunt us
all our
lives and let them be seen as they see themselves That's it
not Where they come from but those things that
have been leaked They come very biased
and and  They are not really as they say
okay The only thing I can say is
that I did not expect that okay I did not
expect that But well everything everything has
its reason I suppose and when you are a
popular person you know that at a
given moment these things can happen Okay that
I have made many mistakes all of them
all of them that I can admit and it is
better that now they are rubbing their
hands together saying Uy he scammed us no no
we asked for money to buy the
land that was in Yuji's name
and we bought the land
that was in Yuji's name here it is is there
anyone here who wants to
express a
con with this
subject what it is that they have come out to
deny they have denied this This is a
WhatsApp from Yuj asking for the 7.5
million bats and transfer the
sanctuary then after when
the sanctuary was already transferred,
a move was discovered that is not
my responsibility to explain okay that the
situation of one of the lands was not what he
thinks it was why because
because his name was not on the sanctuary
So he could not
know pixi do you have something to object
want to upload if Fran  No, if Fran didn't have
the sanctuary in his name Well, there are
some things that he couldn't
know And he thought things
were one way and it turns out he
found others but
this WhatsApp has been denied
I ask has this WhatsApp been denied
no True what does this WhatsApp say I'll leave it to you
at 7.5 million bat and transfer
the
sanctuary okay they have gone to this they have not gone
to one thing that later Ah look it's in
this clip Fran said this and it's the other
come on man but let's see It's like
if I get here and tell you that at the end of the year I
was in New York I make a blog about
New York and then it turns out that I
wasn't in New York I was in Egypt I
mean I'll do what I want and I
will explain to people what I want
people to do I mean the fact that
I am a public figure does not mean that
I tell the truth about everything okay it's
like when I said about the dog that I
had adopted the dog instead of bought it Okay, well
look I bought the dog because I
liked it when I saw it in the shop window I
fell in love and I bought it  and I didn't want to say
publicly that I bought it so as not to
promote its purchase and because it looks
bad, point that
if it weren't because of betrayals
from people,
then you lie about everything Javi Yes, yes, of
course, according to these people Yes, a lie from
Fran, Dallas must be destroyed,
man,
please calm down a little, take life with
a little laughter, you are or tease when you
ask for money, yes, you have to tell the
truth about everything. No, no, no, when you ask for
money you have to tell the truth about
what you have asked for money for, that is, for
this, and
what you do later with other
things and other situations in your life, you don't
have to explain it. Fran had not
explained if the children
had seen their mother again in November or December.
Fran had not explained a lot of
things that are happening that are
people's private lives, it makes sense. How is he going to have to
explain that on top of that, it came out to clarify it, but
that the move is not about Frank, he is my father, I
hate Dallas, I think that the Pambi thing
is a scam and I say this with knowledge
but what has to do with it, point? Frank is still
my father. They are not
blaming Fran if he has lied or not
lied about this that what they are
telling him is Fran we are going to get you because you
are next to
Dallas without
more I got lost so what was the
lie The lie is that when Fran eh
when he already fixes the issue of the
sanctuary when he already has the money he
finds himself in a situation with the issue of the
e with the issue of the savannah but that he
has to explain because there are several
moves behind And it's not that I don't even know
why or even if he has to explain
why the [ __ ] he is going eh Why the [ __ ] does he have to
explain that he doesn't have to
explain it well I'm not going to explain it
because I don't get out of my dick that's it I'm
going to tell him not to explain it and that's it because it does
n't make any
sense Why the [ __ ] does he have to explain that
money was raised Almost almost all
because I had money there too
to pay for those lands and they were paid and
there it is and there are the
transactions and there is everything and
those land names were changed from Yui
to his son Zorro okay Oh and I repeat
we did some direct to
buy the lands that were in
Yuji's name well I said at that moment that
the savannah had been sold my mistake my
fault okay I
repeat I'm an
idiot I said that land had been
sold Yu Yui never sold that
land okay because Yui never
bought that land that land was not even
bought even Conbel they got all worked up
when she agreed with you on something that she
knows but if it's that they don't give
a [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean what you're
seeing today is not Fran Cuesta it's not that
Fran Cuesta cheated it's that how are
you going to cheat no no no no Franco est
has his
community I don't know how many [ __ ] views this has
this has 8000 and some
likes I mean this hasn't affected
Fran's community nor has it
affected mine Of course it hasn't affected
Dallas's these are the same ones as always
trying by all means their
goal in
life okay I mean without further ado there's no
more but this is not Francua she needs to
clarify this because her community has been
offended that someone who has donated
needs explanations no no no no no
this is we're coming for you because you talk
to Jai you talk to
Dallas and  sold Okay but that land
called the savannah
was never part of the package that we
wanted to buy In fact I started
buying that land later and I'm
paying for it in installments I'm paying for it in
installments Okay
eh I know that he looks at his community what he
says to see if they are apartments his community too
Look at his members look at his community you also
said it yes you said it too You know what What
happens is that apart from these things You ca
n't answer in the heat of the moment You
have to prepare yourself okay eh what you're going to
say be very clear because now
you say one thing that later is not
exactly true and then you have to
rectify it in another live broadcast and they
catch you like Look you lied because here
you said this and here that okay I mean
for this topic I have personally already
told him I say You don't handle
these conflicts well dude this is not your thing you
your animals you fight with the servant
but don't fight with these
people a lot of people are saying look
we caught him we caught him at the
time delox delox delox you posted
a tweet today because I'm going  I'm going to go and
look at things you posted a tweet today
delox you are a person who has a
mental capacity that I think is quite good you
are not an idiot I think you are a
little slow for many things I do not think that
delo is smart or anything like that
what he is a scoundrel and apart from that he is
bad delos is very bad delos is very bad
I recommend that you watch the three videos
that I made okay I mean delos is very bad
and he talks to delos I mean it is
tremendous they talk to delox when it was
supposed to be super aware
of the issue of the Well here This was a
tremendous [ __ ] beating in the debate I mean
this debate is unmissable because it was
tremendous I won't even tell you about this video I mean
me and this is already tremendous this already and because there are
other things that I still have
saved Well I'm waiting I stopped
answering And then I saved a
few things and I'm waiting for them
but it was tremendous it was tremendous tremendous
tremendous this guy lies and deceives but
with things that are important But they do
n't care about that now they talk to him
dude come on  let's see, these are people who have been
attacking delox because delox
hung out with
us, what happens is that this time, well, it
was a person who was not a
loyal person, he was not a
trustworthy person, he was a snake, a climber,
okay, and when he saw that he was not in an
easy position, okay, and they were all
messing with him, taking out all the
[ __ ] on him, calling him a scammer just for
being with us, not because they
cared what delo did, well, what
that was throwing at Dallas, he made up
a lot of [ __ ] about me, he also
slandered me and went and went to the side of
the asses and he starts making up
stories, why, because on that side, they are not going
to question anything, on that side, he's going to come
out and say that he has a hitman, they are
going to share it, it's going to come out, he's going to
invent a restraining order that
then the next day is denied
because it turns out that now he has a
restraining order and he wants a debate in
person, oh, he's going to come out and say that
the restraining order that
Dallas couldn't enter Andorra was
lie because Dallas was in Andorra
lie is there the police stations closed at
three it doesn't matter you know now he's
gone with the people who are not going to
question him anything okay because it is we are
in a Union for a stronger cause you
understand me and they don't care
but it's everyone with everyone eh everyone
with everyone everyone with
everyone because You never read between the lines
But you've told lies and more lies
after whitewashing the
animal abuser from Dallas I understand your hatred
For Dallas okay No I don't understand d the
review now Fran cuesta recognizes that it is
an I don't understand it or rather the other one
completely ignores his face Javi you're going to
tell it as a chicken Well not today today at
least not if I can confirm it at some
point with things that I can support
yes Of course because man it is
tremendous tremendous but not today because I don't have I don't
have enough to
support it In fact he had many powerful things
today
Look they are watching the
telesalseo live and they say
These are the healthy people These are the
healthy people to whom Fran is supposed to
start giving explanations this
guy sometimes tells the truth even
in the number  of views lies
also remind you that today we have done a podcast
a kiss Hello handsome a greeting a kiss with
Fran on the main channel okay with a
special guest from Occupy that I see that
people are really liking it has
80,000 views already what in the while in
the
trust yourself for what he has swallowed a
live about the rice
eh look for what he has swallowed a
These are the visits that appear to
us from Alira the real ones YouTube is
updating it takes a while to update
the real visits that it
has that you have swallowed a live, I
mean you have swallowed trust yourself that
Fran starts to respond to these people man they have
swallowed a live
telesalseo to scratch this and and he has
edited it he has edited it
Javi Oliveira has copied the topic that
Delox has with Dallas I understood it at the
beginning when Dallas also gave him a
stick this fight between the two became
totally
one-way no no no no no no the
Delo issue I do understand perfectly
you do not understand it  the delo issue
the delo issue is
super easy delos is involved eh in
something that if
these people really cared about cryptocurrencies and and
scams and things they would be dealing with the
Cristo Pain issue which is a
[ __ ] [ __ ] issue And yes it is viral eh but it is being
discussed at a political level because
apparently the one from al bice was there I don't know
what move he also received money I don't know
some aleos Okay and these people would be
asking delos and asking aelos for
explanations just like they asked
pambi for explanations and they demanded
delo that you condemn pambi they would be
asking him Hey delo this guy that
you defended the one that you promoted the
courses no and you went with him to give
talks this guy who says that he paid a
commission to the streamers that he
promoted them no this guy with whom you
did live broadcasts laughing that they had to
deceive the CNMV that they had to
deceive the Treasury and such Well it
turns out that this guy is looking
of capturing them explain to us something what's
going on because he's
against me against well against
Dallas they're not going to question him they're not going to
take his
[ __ ] out on him they're going to if he
were talking to Dallas
this would still have exploded now the CR
Pain thing that pisses you off on the part of these people
man what are they here taking out a tweet that
I copied a viral photo that I
tweeted ad a
viral photo and he worried about taking a
photo a random tweet that I post
late while since I like
this tweet boom and he worried about
looking for the photo until he found
another tweet that
tweets it when
here you can clearly see that it was
tweeted sesi Army well no this is a
tit what's a click from sesi
army Ricky does the same thing every day Ricky
posts memes too and copies of
course it's Twitter it's
not healthy but there are people
who take these people as
something no no
ironic like him but you're still
taking it like a crazy person but  no no no no there
are people who take them as they are my
allies seriously in my fight it
surprises me Remember these words
Enough of turning a blind eye to this
event sir,
stop importing animals if they
ever mattered to you Remember
these words and only uses them
to make money Remember these
words delo you are a public figure
with great impact because you have
a podcast you have your tws that have bu
and you put something from Fran cuesta confirmed the
information from Javi pelucas it leaves many
doubts in the air
good so Remember this this tweet
that you posted it's going to give you
headaches I'm telling you and why do I say that
well first of all
delo I understand that you have a
lot of problem with Dallas that you hate it I
don't know but you realize that in a tweet
that has nothing to do with it you bring Dallas up
again that Dallas has nothing to do with this
is that dasas has nothing to do with
it anyway
Ah I'm going to clarify about the savannah I'm
going to clarify right now I can't
clarify everything about the savannah
yes  if you were a little intelligent, not
clever because you're a clever guy but you
're not intelligent you would have understood
many things but since hatred feeds
you and many others, well at the time
I suppose that many people will have to say damn
Fran is [ __ ] but I
'm more so you're going to say that Fran is
[ __ ] you're going to say it but at the same time you're
going to say damn I'm more [ __ ]
well I would also tell you that I'm going to
clarify that okay eh you can
clarify the courses with crypt Spain
crypto space it was called no and why did you
delete all the
videos no it's not going to clarify it it's not going to
clarify it delox's answer to this
question is eh why are you defending
Dallas can you clarify about the hitmen
Where are the
hitmen you call me my brother a
liar
Eh This is a war of the lox you get involved
in something that has nothing to do with your
life and it's because of your hatred of Dallas I understand that you hate Dallas I understand I understand
that you all hate Dallas I
understand Dallas is a son of a [ __ ] It's it's a
Well it's the worst  I understand it. There are a
lot of things that Dallas does that
I don't like, but a lot of things, but he
's a guy that I personally
appreciate. What do you want me to say? Should I
say no to look good? Yes, I
've always said it, [ __ ], eh, one thing is the
internet and another thing is
real life and when I'm with Dallas I
'm not with. Well, that's with Delo and with this and
with that, no, and I understand that you're into that,
there's some kind of thing going on. And the thing is that Fran Cua is
a
character that has a lot of impact and
that has a lot of respect from a lot of
people. I mean, he has the respect of a
lot of people in the
media, journalists, even
entire networks, okay, I mean, he has the respect of a
lot of people. What's going on? Well,
they don't like that a person like
Fran who has respect shows that he
appreciates Dallas, that he gets along with
Dallas, that Dallas goes to the sanctuary, Fran
has to be brought down like
anyone who has positioned himself on
Dallas's side, he has to be pressured. And then there are
people like Delox who take that, well, like
Delox and like several, uh, have  I've been through a few things there have
been several who have taken it
and said I can't do this, I'm
scared of these people and I'll change and I'll leave
and they betray me and all that stuff okay
But the goal is that
Fran doesn't give a damn I mean if Fran if Fran were to
talk to us with
Dallas okay or with me because those who
go with me also with Marina also
start shooting look I have a folder
here of all the times that they attack
each one of my enemies Because of the [ __ ]
expensive I mean for working with me like
with dros who was also respected Sure sure exactly It's just
absurd that if Fran were doing
this without talking to us they wouldn't care just like they don't care about
what Crypto Spain has done a
lot of people The wigs the other one the other one the one
on the motorcycle how they hate Dallas and
Javi and such well I understand that like
me Javier wig Antonia pays well
Still vacant if he wants to join Javier
wig don't try to take him away
don't try to normalize something that
is not normal Javier wig my son it
is not normal don't try to normalize it nobody
has said that you should be paid or anything like that
Because it is known that  the objective is not it is not that it is
another look there it is there it is
Dalira wig okay look Javier
Dalira wig Wilson no that I was over here
posting t is also me I am seeing
here everything that I am posting in the
live it is not no no it is healthy do not try to
normalize it with a joke of Oh he doesn't
pay us that
no I have said
that I am friends with Dallas well it pisses you off [ __ ] I understand [ __ ] utbh is pissed off and I get along
with utbh and it pisses him off and he doesn't
understand But of
course that does not mean that you have to
throw [ __ ] at me simply That is why
I am trying to clarify all
the things that I
can and better than I know how
legal processes go and better than I know how
betrayals work let's see but what
bothers you cue salito it bothers me
that you are calling my friend a
scammer when
[Music]
no no it has nothing to do with the issue
for which
money was requested and above all what bothers me is
that you really don't give a damn that I
could really be scamming that you would not care if  are
you worried about scams
why aren't you going after every
mem Coin that Ray creates every
week if you had the same tweets
about every mem Coin that Ray is releasing
every week it would be worth it to me if you gave me
the same tweets about
every thing that deos has defended CR
Pain your account would be perfectly fine for me
the problem is that it's hate Javi but
then if Frank lied about Yu
owning the savannah why did
he lie no hate I just want to know what's
going on is that what happens is that it's
not up
to me to explain it okay but I'm going to give you
an explanation the one that I can give you okay
well or as I understand it better
okay because it's not mine it's not my thing it's
his problem okay here I see this
message okay what is it that they
should have denied me This
would have mattered I mean if suddenly it
comes out and it turns out that Yu wasn't
asking Fran for money for the land
man there Fran would have to go out
tonight to give explanations
okay the point is that Yuji asks
Fran for money for the issue  of the lands
for their future because I don't know what Because I do
n't know how much it's worth
and when it was okay to attack Yuji Pablo
Franco and Yuji came out to say that she
Sold the savannah to screw him over
and it has never been okay to attack Yuji it has been
asked actively and passively that
Yuji not be attacked I have asked for it in a
lot of videos Fran has asked for it in
numerous videos it's never worth it In fact
Fran in fact
Fran lied about the subject of
Yuji's addictions And she went to the
press to
tell it in the summer to say that Fran had
well not that Fran had lied
but of course it was understood that Fran had
lied to say that she actually
When they arrested her she did have a problem
okay And you know what you did
when it was discovered that Yuji had gone on
TV to say something that was
different from what Fran had said What
you did was Call Fran a
liar I don't know what I don't know how much when he
had lied to defend her okay
But anyway The
Movida what happens for the person of the
Super chat okay what happens is very
simple Yuji asks  a
money is no longer satisfied with the rent and with the money that Fran is giving him okay yuji asks for money in exchange for the land Here are the messages Nobody made this up and besides he didn't even plan on putting these messages up he's in a
live with gref and he takes it out
okay he asks for
7.5 million bat
okay the sanctuary was not in
Frank's name okay so Frank there were some
procedures that he didn't
know about So the sanctuary was a
few pieces of land okay that they later
unified but the thing is that
when he's doing the
procedures and the whole thing now yes
now I don't know what I don't know how much he
finds himself in a situation that is not what
he thought with the issue of rent not
rent a company another company things
like that I'm not going to explain to you Okay And
then what happens is that Frank at
first thought that yuji
was already selling the
eh the savannah okay And then it turns out to be well that it's
not
worth it That's it and Fran is
buying the savannah with his money
yes daira Fran lied for
her r and delox have deceived people
like Dallas nobody denies it to Fran
nobody called him a scammer yes it is true no no
the truth neither the
wig nor the wig nor lerl has
called him a scammer but what is being
slipped is not being explained well what is
being implied is that Fran
cheated with the
collection I have put a clip here and I have
put several tweets and several things that
are challenging me I am not making it up
And that is a lie okay but
anyway wigs if I do not care if it
is that I have already told you man if it is that I do
not care
give game give gossip it is fine all the
cli and all the controversy I do not care
but it is that [ __ ] then it is not that it is
a hate account It is that then I do not
see you It is that then I do not see you indignant with
the crist pain with the memes that
the ra is taking out when ra gets violent
threatening me that he will go anger for my
5 year old son [ __ ] I do not see you there I do
not see any of you because Hello hello
Javi can you give me a job a kiss Jesus Well if you
want to eat my nab  eat
it they are doing a lot of
gratuitous damage of course damn [ __ ] but if they have
said that the Serene thing I made up
I am asking me what my
problem is and they have even said today
that the Serene thing I made up I am a
person grandfather but that he washes his mouth
of lox to talk about Frank CR the one about
working he does not know it gre that if he could
ask for explanations he does it but you
think that he is from the for yuy he
spent the money on the savannah in his days
no yui has never had the savannah in his
name bought okay the savannah is a
was a
rent and better you don't know but I
have a lot of experience when you are
down that they try to step on you they are
trying to step on me And yes sometimes I deserve to be
stepped on But not because I am a friend of
Dallas no when you say that my love
for animals I do not have love for
animals I have love for life and
I like
animals then it is not a question of
Oh has love for animals he has been
profiting from YouTube videos But
how do you think this site is maintained
delox  The problem is that you've been
lucky enough to hit the jackpot there,
yes, you've had a lot of luck, you've hit
some very important jackpots in crypto,
Delox has been very lucky, you're a
lucky one in the cryptocurrencies because
you're a smart, very smart guy and many
others like you, but boy, others of us have to
use other means to be able to
fulfill ourselves as
people and for me, setting up this
sanctuary was a life project, it's
something that my children have grown up sucking in, that
one day we're going to have a sanctuary
and we're going to take care of many animals and we're going
to. So when you say those
things, remember that tweet that's going to
give you a lot of headaches because
you're a
public person, so, eh, I understand that
a lot of people are saying, Hey, look,
scam, scam. There's no scam here, get it
in your head. There's no scam here. And they
made some direct payments to pay for some
land that was in Yuji's name. At
no time was there any talk of buying the
savannah. At no time was it said that Yuji
had sold the savannah. I'm
correcting you now, Yuui never bought the savannah
and it was never sold. He never
sold it, I feel guilty, I'm an
idiot, okay. If you want, you can
call me.  even a
liar is that they are not calling you a
liar They are not calling you [ __ ] They
are asking you why you support
Dallas They are not calling you a liar
Nor [ __ ] They are asking you
why you support
Dallas The issue is Dallas man
The issue is Dallas is that there are no
evils Okay guys if this continues I will make
a video on the main page okay If not if you
haven't understood yet I will make a
video on the main page with
clay yes it is likely it is likely
guys
and yesterday
this happened you are looking for yourself to
cross your face from top to bottom no because I
have no problem eh And no
threat I am warning you you
are looking for yourself to cross your face and
put their teeth in your ass for
example
eh And he takes it and sues me for this You are
already being too annoying with those
little words Leave the mothers alone
because I will put the punches in the
object of your ass but in one trip
the fist reaches your elbow you swallow it
you continue
there anyway we were at the salseria
when I received this no and and Look what
Wilson thinks for example  Javi Oliveira
wants to report ard de Troya after
seeing a click that happens to Salom okay you can
hear ard Troya saying a
few words to
Javi a few
words
eh And he takes it and sues me for
this you're really annoying
with that little word Leave the mothers
alone because I'll put them in the
object of the ass but in one trip
the fist reaches your elbow you swallow it
you continue there and I take it and say Ha very
well How nice Send me another one if you send me
another super chat I'll put it on the screen
Ah I already
heard it says Salom that she put it
for member Thank goodness you
recorded it Salom yes cut it short it is
discovered wrong that you recorded it
Because I do believe It is for a
complaint eh I do believe Juan's friend was
convicted for less I don't
believe it is for less in the sense that
Juan's friend put it in public he made
sure that it reached me by
sending it to me in private it is also
more
eh
credible you know I think eh tomorrow  tell
Pablo But I do believe it
eh let's see What really happened let's see tell me
what was going on man these
people start editing this eh me
saying You know that there is a lot of
jurisprudence covered in threats and
violence to Wait wait Wait wait Wait let's
see they upload Well I don't know how many
Lili five extracts and and in salsera
others more the shows or I mean I don't see the
comments unless they are super
thanks that I know the context of this
is that the one from Troy was saying that
the youtuber was responsible for the
comments that the followers posted in
the chat okay if a chat eh someone
in the chat was missing or defamed another
youtuber they could be condemned okay And
so what I'm explaining is
let's see the comments are the
youtuber's responsibility as long as the
youtuber insults them no for
example you send me a super chat and you tell me I
[ __ ] on your [ __ ] mother and I say very
well [ __ ] on the [ __ ] mother
of Dallas very and I tell you very well
[ __ ] yourself again mother and and and and and and if you
give me cco likes we [ __ ] on
grandma do you understand that is the
explanation that I was giving okay
so that you understand they ring on the cell phone
that I have it set so that it rings for
me to answer okay em Ah The Super
Thank Yous put them on part yes er of Troy
The Super thank yous By default in the
YouTube application they do not notify you of
the 5000 daily messages that
my channel can have okay or the 5000
messages that it can have between my three
channels each extract each video each
thing does not notify you on the cell phone But
when it is a super thank you yes I have it
set so that it notifies my cell phone
that maybe one two three a day okay
Yes to the one from Troy I understand that it seems
strange to you but no it does not notify my cell phone
every time someone posts a comment
on a YouTube video here not
all comments are appreciated only
super thank yous no ard of Troy Call me
weird call me Whatever you want but I'm not going
Thanking every comment from my three
channels come on not even from One Okay no  I'm not going I'm
not going Thanking every comment on
my channel okay Call me weird I'm that
bad Okay what can I say
look what can I say
yesterday's video
today has 527 comments Call me weird
okay this one this yesterday's video okay the
previous one this same one completely
sec 764 Call me weird but no I'm not that
weird I don't feel like going I know you do
but I don't feel like going Thanking
one by one but when they give me money
yeah Oh
in the end no no he's already screaming he's already
screaming yes in the end he's going to keep his
bangs because of me the bald
traitor another thing is that they donate to me
here and they call me e the [ __ ] filthy
mother deard of
Troy
Sorry I don't even know if this man has a
mother he doesn't have one he's an example like I just
told you now from dalla as if I
tell you about myself you understand what I
'm saying is that someone c here
says your [ __ ] mother or the bastard of Troy
or you know what I'm saying it doesn't cross my
mind to mess with  the mother of this
man but in the first place Because what is the
fault of the mother of the criminal that she
has at home that would be absurd
no Why dal veira says why do you say
that about the mother we shouldn't mess with
the family Javi dal veira I understand
that you understand it that way yes yes dalis
veira people like you yes
you are looking for your face to be crossed
from top to bottom no because I don't have
any problem eh And no no threat I
am warning you you are
looking for your face to be crossed and they
put their teeth in your ass for
example and you take it and sue me for
this he is already touching the nose a lot with
those little words two of
iq two of iq okay then the live one has
removed it So he has not felt very
calm with what he has said he is
putting you in your place Javi already already already let's
see let's see what
Pablo has thought about
this that he told me that he was going to put it
[Music]
here to see La Movida It is that I have
sent it to Pablo and I have told him what you
see okay or rather it is  what I do is always
worth it is what I always do, change the
cologne No, but if it's not about
Cologne, can someone understand
that you and I are going to get into it but
because of the expensive e with this man's mother, I
mean, but already, out with the
nonsense, can someone understand that
treatment instead of understanding the explanation
that I am giving about the responsibility
of the comments, can someone take
from there that I am calling
someone's mother a [ __ ], what I am saying is that the
comments are not the responsibility of the
youtuber unless because you cannot
control unless someone says
this is a [ __ ], the filthy one, the other one, this son
of a [ __ ], and I take it and say very well,
very well, give me
another one, it is impossible that no one with
3dq can understand it as
Art de
Troya has understood it, it is impossible, I mean, you must
be manipulating me,
rrolla, everyone knows him by
retrol and that this man is
constantly dedicated to attacking Ja olira,
insulting him all. Oh, sorry, sorry,
sorry.
Thanks, well, and they send me a video in
which it seems there is a
content creator called ar Troya But
well  everyone knows him as a
troll and that this man is
constantly attacking Javier
Oliveira insulting him all these
things okay he's a very peculiar guy because he
has a lot of feathers he's a guy like that he
is a shady character you see his
videos not dark very such he is
constantly overacting to
make a bit of a man and I don't know some
kind of complex he must have and here he has
started to threaten
Javier Oliveira clo I already answered him
laughing not with macho macho I hope he does
n't come out I don't sing for that too But
anyway let's see what
Javier's Troll Art said here come on hello what's up you
're welcome sir Rey how cool to
have you here hello Ana how are you o
head on knee how are you Ana gorgeous
How are you Jo how cool to have you all
here Ah I haven't set the goal
now that we are more I'm going to set a goal
goal of an H
for
ardet
trya hair ready we have a goal hello
Josefina how are you How are you beautiful Oh
what a beautiful thing He tells me I said if I
put if I put it like that Now Everyone  They
say like this How good long Wolf how cool
It's that the face goes up down no because I don't have
any problem no no amends you
are looking for me to cross your face and
put my teeth in your ass example
fixation you as a boy with the ass a
fixation hab was Freud the one who said that there were
the phrases of sexuality and that
one of them was the sadistic anal
maybe it just came to mind I
studied this in philosophy I don't think he
was talking about those of those phases And this is
the sadal phase it was one of them I think it
probably goes for os But well
we continue and my lawsuit takes it for this
In any case suing is not a lawsuit
because these are threats then
eh what is a complaint but it is not going
to report you and Ah I'm going to explain from the
pleasure principle Pao with the sentence
prera of the vet I just read the
article Who the vet Hello
Jos Luis precious how are you handsome Hello
padn How are you How are you already
playing a lot with that leave the
mother alone because I will put the pins
in your ass but of a trip
back and forth with the same no  no no I have not
been clear about whose pecks if you
wanted to have your pecks in
Javi's [ __ ] it could be that or are
Javi's in his own it's that no no I'm not
clear I'm not clear what you
mean by this but we continue
the fist reaches up to the elbow he swallows it you swallow it
the fist reaches up to the elbow you swallow it
man I saw some videos of these but
I'm not into that kind of thing eh I'm into that kind of
thing it's your thing the F
[ __ ] And I'm not asking that no you bu Look
eh wings apart from laughing at you what's
left no of no no there's not much more look
today someone calls me someone wrote to me
on WhatsApp and they ask me Hey this is
reportable and such the same eh I told him
no and I explain why and don't worry
the humiliation you're going to have for the
explanation is going to be greater than the
lady Look for a complaint for a complaint
for threats to prosper
eh The threat has to constitute an
evil of the I don't know what For example
threatening to hit him to kill with this
type of things no eh Yes that fulfills it
but second it has to be credible The
threat is to say that it is in the hands
of the threatening one to carry out the
threat and in your Hello Bego queen How are you
beautiful How are you welcome what gu
guente what Cool that you all are Jo how
exciting a Sunday all together gathered
hands is not the first because he doesn't know
the address deid it's going to be you and second
because you are missing many things to be able to
carry Antonia how are you sweetheart
welcome how are you beautiful How are you
finished this threat that you are
exercising against Javier Oliveira I
mean yes yes Javier Oliveira today goes to
a police station reports this and goes to
court the judge archives it because he is going to
consider it a joke basically
because the truth is that he is making it very
difficult for jav a clip sorry
sorry really it is that I needed a
little energy as you will understand I just got
up to see It's that I also don't
know what to say about AR of lies because that
man in the summer dedicated himself to insulting me
no I don't say it because you cut the video
every time someone enters Ah Jo it's that it
is his direct I'm sorry it's that if you have a
threat okay  also or rather with me Maybe
you have another issue that you don't have with
Ja but if you want I can be threatened by this gentleman
eh who is ads he finds me very funny
because he talks like almodobar with that
pen and with that one And then he goes from Siete
Machos this one had also dedicated himself to
speaking ill of Andrea and eh but if you
were what he calls anonymous what a
criminal No well I don't know Ale because
Sorry for the H the H I'm really sorry eh
Wait now that I don't know man But
the fact that you're messing around
with someone Simply because I've
had several public mentions with
Pablo and that you see the tweets above and you
see the thread of all the tweets that I
exchanged with Pablo back then which
was in the summer when I barely knew him You're welcome
And it's like Lord why do
you react to these things if they're
public things eh with a lawyer
simply That's it, that's it, that's it, go stop I tell you I do
n't know, I haven't seen it
Hello Ani how are you welcome queen okay
I just didn't pay attention to him it's just that I didn't pay attention to him
where are you going ch where are you going
where are you going Yeah  you are if you are an outcast and
And what was I going to say, it occurs to me this
guy has a channel dedicated solely and
exclusively to insulting Javier
Oliveira well what a sad life man Yes
yes every day his channel is Javi Javi
from time to time he answers him why
Because it's just content Javi puts
many hours of live on his different
channels and needs content to
fill it so some idiot comes and
insults her and threatens her the guy
answers he spends half an hour and more and more
content for himself which is what he does what he has to
do what he can no
Apart from that it's very funny to answer him you are
from Troy because he is s super
liar super dumb eh And he is
always caught in all all all the
inventions eh the advantage that Javier
Oliveira doesn't have he doesn't need to grab
someone's arm to have his channel okay
Not like you like you like Dalis Veira like
Javier Canino like Javier Pelucas like this
whole gang like this whole herd
because they are a herd okay they are a herd
that have nothing else to do they are
so sick that they get up in the
morning look to see what has  done then they
put 10 tweets I don't know what And you're just
sick dude
you're just sick you're not a
content creator because you don't create any content I
think okay a law comes out I
study it I break it down and explain it or
a sentence comes out I break it down and
explain it Jos you don't believe anything dude you're
a Jetta who is also waiting to be
sued to make another box deceive
your subscribers to get 4 euros more and
live another month off that okay because he
's a starving man nothing more then
relax the strawberry princess eh relax the
strawberry princess and don't go telling me Machos
Because you're not credible to the judge you
're not credible to Javi You're not credible
to me and you're not even credible to the
people who follow you kill yourself
what a shame And what a life Okay then
saying goodbye with this
okay let's see Troy you can now go back to you
can now publish the live
okay you deleted it
scared thinking that I was going to
report okay if Pablo had
decided he would have reported you okay
chill calmly no rush or
problem in filing a report and you yes
because in fact you deleted it quickly
okay
[Music] I
understand that a person uh can get
angry if they think
their mother has been insulted I understand that a person gets
angry and it hurts them not the thought that their
mother has been insulted I mean I'm going to
understand your reaction okay I don't understand
that you understand that from that click
I had messed with your mother it would be the
last thing that would cross my mind
why because I am a person that
everyone knows me as I am with my
successes and my mistakes and I am not the
garbage that you all are okay,
messing with a mother, messing with
a son with that that type of uh that
type of garbage could only come
from you and the people that you have by your
side Okay then uh let it be clear
that I have neither messed with your mother nor would I but
well as I assume
that you are stupid because you are a [ __ ] fool
and you are a loser and  apart from the fact that you
're stupid, I mean, you start trying to
slip it to people that you've seen
Loli Huerta's staples and you went one
morning to the Civil Guard station
and you spent the whole morning being a
Civil Guard because you were
whining because you yourself had
leaked on your channel an audio that you
leaked an audio where you yourself
acknowledged that you lied to Loli about
cancer and so on but oh well as I
consider you to be stupid okay because I think it's
an objective fact I'm not
messing with you you're stupid
and I'm going to accept your reaction because you
have interpreted from that clip eh what
you have interpreted okay And as he
has told you
now that we are not going to report you No it
's not for nothing but because it's not worth
reporting you Because also your
threat is not credible because it is not
credible ard of Troy because you have to
eat okay broccoli for at least
5 years so you can approach me with
your fist you with your fist What are you going to do with
that fist to the one from Troy I understand that you
change it, people change  on the
sidewalk because it seems like he's a junkie okay And I
understand that when they see you and cross
you after 8 in the evening they
change sidewalks because you seem like a junkie
okay But for you to come up to me
just to raise your voice at me before you
've even opened your mouth I've hit you with
a kick in the chest that your hair has grown back
before you've even opened your mouth I've
already hit you with a kick in
the chest that your hair has grown back
and and and it has given you back your
health who the [ __ ] are you going to hit
Who the [ __ ] are you going to hit You've
seen yourself go on Go on Turn on the audience
live nothing's happening I'm not going to
report you coward you're a
coward Okay family
[Music]
eh Well that's it we're not going no or
what the [ __ ] I have to get up at
10 in the morning
man I have to get up to see Oh my God I'm going to hit
you I'm going to scare you and you won't come back
for the second Oh my God guys
and I'm going I'm going to sleep I'm going to sleep
okay  I think the night was good,
everything was cleared up tomorrow will be
more of course that's clear
tomorrow will be more you get up at
7:30 no Anica man well it would be ideal
tomorrow Record a video on the main page or
something like that the truth is that I asked for a script
but they haven't given it to me
yet I don't know why it's being
delayed I don't know the kid will be there
but I would like a
video tomorrow on the main page and such this
week has been a bit not of a lot of
live extract of a lot clarify the wizard thing I don't give a damn
wizard I hope that wizard
disappears like serene I hope because he
is a pain eh or literally wizard to
disappear with serene okay And the
two of them start doing their [ __ ] shitty
editing that is my clarification something is missing
to clarify pixi What happened to you
chocho
eh What happened to you pixi chochete it is
clear Troya's answer
will have understood it well people I'm leaving what I
said okay Thanks for the brutal support
today's podcast I send you a big kiss
and tomorrow we will see each other a kiss  handsome handsome
a big kiss I want to support you
the video of the main Channel eh the
podcast that
says fore
[Music]